Update OpenShift documentation to include Operator tab (#15473)
DataDog/integrations-core: openshift/README.md

Red Hat OpenShift is an open source container application platform based on the Kubernetes container orchestrator for enterprise application development and deployment.

> > There is no separate `openshift` check, this README describes the necessary configuration to enable collection of OpenShift-specific metrics in the Agent. Data described here are collected by the [`kubernetes_apiserver` check][1], and setting up this check is necessary to collect the `openshift.*` metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This README describes the necessary configuration to enable collection of OpenShift-specific metrics in the Agent, as there is no separate `openshift` check. Data described here are collected by the [`kubernetes_apiserver` check][1]. You must configure the check to collect the `openshift.*` metrics.
```

## Setup

### Installation

To install the Agent, see the [Agent installation instructions][2] for Kubernetes. The default configuration targets OpenShift 3.7.0+ and OpenShift 4.0+, as it relies on features and endpoints introduced in this version.

Alternatively, the [Datadog Operator][3] can be used to install and manage the Datadog Agent. The Datadog Operator can be installed using OpenShift's [OperatorHub][4].

> ### Security Context Constraints Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Security Context Constraints configuration
```

- `allowHostPorts: true`: Binds Dogstatsd / APM / Logs intakes to the node's IP.
- `allowHostPID: true`: Enables Origin Detection for Dogstatsd metrics submitted by Unix Socket.
- `volumes: hostPath`: Accesses the Docker socket and the host's `proc` and `cgroup` folders, for metric collection.
- `SELinux type: spc_t`: Accesses the Docker socket and all processes' `proc` and `cgroup` folders, for metric collection. See [Introducing a Super Privileged Container Concept][11] for more details.

<div class="alert alert-info">
Do not forget to add a <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/daemonset_setup/?tab=k8sfile#configure-rbac-permissions">datadog-agent service account</a> to the newly created <a href="https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/master/Dockerfiles/manifests/openshift/scc.yaml">datadog-agent SCC</a> by adding <code>system:serviceaccount:<datadog-agent namespace>:<datadog-agent service account name></code> to the <code>users</code> section.
</div>

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> <b>OpenShift 4.0+</b>: If you used the OpenShift installer on a supported cloud provider, you must deploy the SCC with <code>allowHostNetwork: true</code> in the <code>scc.yaml</code> manifest as well as <code>hostNetwork: true</code> in the Agent configuration to get host tags and aliases. Access to metadata servers from the Pod network is otherwise restricted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b>OpenShift 4.0+</b>: If you used the OpenShift installer on a supported cloud provider, you must deploy the SCC with <code>allowHostNetwork: true</code> in the <code>scc.yaml</code> manifest, as well as <code>hostNetwork: true</code> in the Agent configuration to get host tags and aliases. Access to metadata servers from the Pod network is otherwise restricted.
```
